{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf320
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Monaco;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 Read Me
\fs28 \
PFAssistive Framework, from PFiddlesoft\'99
\fs24 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural

\fs26 \cf0 Version 3.1.2\
July 2010\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs22 \cf0 \
Copyright \'a9 2003-2010 Bill  Cheeseman. Used by permission. All rights reserved.\
PFiddlesoft, PFiddle Software, pfiddle, pfiddles, and the PFiddlesoft logo are trademarks of PreForm Assistive Technologies, LLC.\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://pfiddlesoft.com"}}{\fldrslt pfiddlesoft.com}}\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural

\fs24 \cf0 \
The PFAssistive Framework is an Objective-C framework wrapping Apple's accessibility API. It is intended for use with Cocoa client applications. Version 3.1.2 of the framework is a Universal binary for client applications running natively under Mac OS X 10.5 Leopard and newer on Power PC and Intel Macintosh computers. It supports both 32-bit and (on Intel) 64-bit client applications with reference counted memory management. Support for garbage-collected client applications is not available.\
\
The framework is designed to enable Cocoa developers to take full advantage of the accessibility API to write assistive and other client applications using familiar Cocoa techniques, without having to learn the intricacies of writing directly to the accessibility C API. It incorporates workarounds for all bugs known to us in Apple's implementation of the accessibility API. Among other useful features of the framework, it declares an Objective-C delegate method that makes it particularly easy for client applications to monitor accessibility notifications from any application running on the computer.\
\
Older versions of the framework are available for older versions of Mac OS X. Use PFAssistive Framework version 2.0 for applications running natively under Mac OS X 10.4 Tiger on Power PC and Intel Macintosh computers. Use PFAssistive Framework version 1.4.1 for applications running under Mac OS X 10.2 Jaguar and 10.3 Panther on Power PC computers, and under Mac OS X 10.3.9 Panther on Intel computers using Rosetta.\
\
You may publish and distribute the framework with your products subject to the distribution license terms summarized below.\
\
The framework is documented in English in the English.lproj subfolder of the Resources folder in the framework bundle. The documentation, along with sample code in the form of a simple screen reader, is also available for download on the website.\
\
For an example of an assistive application that uses the PFAssistive Framework as its accessibility engine, download a free 30-day trial version of UI Browser at pfiddlesoft.com/uibrowser/. UI Browser is, among other things, a developer's tool to test the correctness and functionality of an application's implementation of the accessibility API.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural

\i\b \cf0 About the Accessibility API
\i0\b0 \
\
Apple introduced the accessibility API in Mac OS X 10.2.0 Jaguar. Apple introduced many enhancements and bug fixes in Mac OS X 10.3 Panther and 10.4 Tiger and increased functionality in Mac OS X 10.5 Leopard and Mac OS X 10.6 Snow Leopard.\
\
The accessibility API gives assistive applications the ability to read and manipulate the graphical user interface (GUI) of all applications that use the standard Cocoa or Carbon frameworks for their user interface elements (UI elements), as well as those that implement accessibility in custom UI element code. It also gives assistive applications the ability to detect accessibility notifications from any application.\
\
Apple introduced the accessibility API so that Macintosh applications can be written to comply with Section 508 of the federal Workforce Investment Act of 1998 and its requirements regarding access to electronic and information technology for persons with disabilities. Assistive applications allow the use of special software and hardware for computer input and output, such as screen readers and alternatives to the mouse and keyboard, to enable persons with disabilities to take full advantage of accessible applications. In addition, the API can be used to write any application that needs to query, respond to or control the user interface of another application. UI Browser is an example of such an application.\
\pard\tx480\tx960\tx1440\tx1920\tx2400\tx2880\tx3360\tx3840\tx4320\tx4800\tx5280\tx5760\tx6240\tx6720\tx7200\tx7680\tx8160\tx8640\tx9120\tx9600\tx10080\tx10560\tx11040\tx11520\tx12000\tx12480\tx12960\tx13440\tx13920\tx14400\tx14880\tx15360\tx15840\tx16320\tx16800\tx17280\tx17760\tx18240\tx18720\tx19200\tx19680\tx20160\tx20640\tx21120\tx21600\tx22080\tx22560\tx23040\tx23520\tx24000\tx24480\tx24960\tx25440\tx25920\tx26400\tx26880\tx27360\tx27840\tx28320\tx28800\tx29280\tx29760\tx30240\tx30720\tx31200\tx31680\tx32160\tx32640\tx33120\tx33600\tx34080\tx34560\tx35040\tx35520\tx36000\tx36480\tx36960\tx37440\tx37920\tx38400\tx38880\tx39360\tx39840\tx40320\tx40800\tx41280\tx41760\tx42240\tx42720\tx43200\tx43680\tx44160\tx44640\tx45120\tx45600\tx46080\tx46560\tx47040\tx47520\tx48000\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx480\pardeftab480\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f1\fs20 \cf0 \CocoaLigature0 IMPORTANT COPYRIGHT AND LICENSING INFORMATION:\
 \
 This is a summary of the PreForm Assistive Technology, LLC licenses. For the legally binding terms consult the licenses themselves. The licenses are embedded in the frameworks\'92 bundles, and they are also available for download at pfiddlesoft.com. \
 \
 FREE FOR PERSONAL USE AND FOR DISTRIBUTION AND USE WITH FREE PRODUCTS\
 \
 The PFiddlesoft Frameworks may be licensed free of charge for personal use, including use during development of any client application or other software. They may also be licensed free of charge for distribution and use with any client application or other software that you distribute to the public free of charge (including freeware as well as free beta or trial versions of a product for which you intend to request or require payment in the future). You are required only to give notice to PreForm Assistive Technologies, LLC, to provide attribution to PreForm Assistive Technologies, LLC in your client application or other software, and to include the copyright notice and license in your client application or other software.\
 \
 ONE-TIME LICENSING FEE FOR DISTRIBUTION AND USE WITH PAID PRODUCTS\
 \
 If you distribute the PFiddlesoft Frameworks with or in a client application or other software product for which you request or require payment, or if you distribute a client application or other software product that makes use of the PFiddlesoft Frameworks for which you request or require payment, such as donationware, shareware and commercial applications, or for internal use within a for-profit organization, you must within thirty days of initial distribution of your product pay PreForm Assistive Technologies, LLC a flat one-time license fee of $250 U.S. for each framework that you distribution or use, regardless of the number of units of your product you distribute or use. This fee covers all present and future versions of your product, but any separate and distinct product requires you to pay PreForm Assistive Technologies, LLC an additional licensing fee of $250 U.S. for each framework that you distribute or use, as described above.\
 \
 An executed license is required both for free distribution or use, and for distribution or use subject to a flat one-time license fee with a product for which you request or require payment. Print the PFAssistive Framework distribution license or the PFEventTaps Framework distribution license or both of them, depending on which of the PFiddlesoft Frameworks you distribute or use, in duplicate. Then fill in the blanks, sign them, and mail them to:\
 \
			PreForm Assistive Technologies, LLC\
			P.O. Box 326\
			Quechee, VT 05059-0326\
 \
 DIFFERENT TERMS APPLY TO LARGE OR ESTABLISHED COMMERCIAL SOFTWARE DEVELOPERS. The source code is available for an additional fee. Contact PreForm Assistive Technologies, LLC for details.\
 \
 DISCLAIMERS\
 \
 This Framework is provided on an "AS IS" basis.\
 \
 PREFORM ASSISTIVE TECHNOLOGIES, LLC MAKES NO WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, REGARDING THE FRAMEWORK OR ITS USE AND OPERATION ALONE OR IN COMBINATION WITH OTHER PRODUCTS. THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMED.\
 \
 IN NO EVENT SHALL PREFORM ASSISTIVE TECHNOLOGIES, LLC BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE, REPRODUCTION, MODIFICATION AND/OR DISTRIBUTION OF THE FRAMEWORK, HOWEVER CAUSED AND WHETHER UNDER THEORY OF CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF PREFORM ASSISTIVE TECHNOLOGIES, LLC HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. YOUR REMEDY FOR ANY DEFECT OR FAULT IN THE FRAMEWORK IS LIMITED TO REFUND OF THE LICENSE FEE YOU PAID.}